hey guys welcome back so let's get
started with my little sis big chop so
prior to this already washed a hair
using shampoo and now we're just going
to go ahead and apply some water just
really really done with her hair next
I'm taking Tresemme conditioner and this
is one of my favorite conditioner
provide lots of slip so I'm gonna go
ahead and cut in Thai hair with this
really really work at it routed tip but
as you can see I mean so rough with my
little sis so we're gonna work that
conditioning and really the hair
from root to tip this is gonna provide a
lot of sleep and also really going to
help to enhance the natural curl pattern
which makes it easier for me to actually
trim okay guys so this is my favorite
part when I start to trim my hair her
facial reaction was totally priceless
she looked like she was really scared
but in the end she turned to be really
really happy so I didn't want any guys
to see this part my favorite part
individual so this did my first name and
she just could believe which she
actually got a hair song I'm so the
finish up the rest of my hair show you
guys what I did in the end so stay tuned
appreciation
fish
region
then I'm
typical those guys
come get some came from came from okay
okay Lita
dead
kekeke how those guys
from gay Tom came from here from Legion
I'm in Miami bitch
you
get up
come get some game from here from Legion
some game from game from here okay okay
Legion
okay so we just finish doing her big
chop and this is what a hair looks like
after she have a little bit of heat
damage in the front of her hair but I
still kept that and I went back and trim
it up a little bit get rid of every
relax ends I can find and it looks more
like a tapered TWA that's a look I was
going for but this is what he looks like
with no product or natural hair pattern
and this is what a hair looks like after
I saw the hair which share but I mixed
my eco styler gel and some actual
leave-in conditioner and that's about it
so I hope you guys enjoyed this don't
forget thumbs up if you like this video
typical food
from game from game from game from game